chore: prepare 0.39.0 (#1144)
getsentry/sentry-go: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.39.0

The Sentry SDK team is happy to announce the immediate availability of Sentry Go SDK v0.39.0.

### Features

- Drop events when rate-limited or transport is full, allow the buffer queue to process ([#1138](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-go/pull/1138)).

### Bug Fixes

> - Fix scheduler's `hasWork()` method to check if buffers are ready to flush, that was causing CPU spikes ([#1143](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-go/pull/1143)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix scheduler's `hasWork()` method to check if buffers are ready to flush. The previous implementation was causing CPU spikes. ([#1143](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-go/pull/1143)).
```
